README.md, before:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Portfolio Setup and Mobile First <a name="about-project"></a>

**Portfolio Setup and Mobile First** is a project in the first stages of the Microverse full stack curriculum, which aims to enforce students to start working on their development portfolio. It directs students to understand how to parse a Figma design to create a UI and to use flexbox to place elements in a page, all while building a personal portfolio site.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Flexbox is the technique used to place elements in the page**
- **A figma design is parsed to create the UI**
- **A mobile first approach to design**
- **Uses images and backgrounds to enhance the site's look**
- **CSS grid is also used to place items in the page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites
- Git
- HTML & CSS linters

In order to run this project you need:
- Live Server extension in your file editor

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
```
git clone https://github.com/kwesiObuobi/portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first.git
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Samuel Obuobi Lartey**

- GitHub: [@kwesi obuobi](https://github.com/kwesiObuobi)
- Twitter: [@kwesi_obuobi](https://twitter.com/kwesi_obuobi)
- LinkedIn: [kwesi-obuobi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwesi-obuobi/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, consider giving it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse Inc for such an awesome opportunity to join their community and start a journey to become a full stack web developer.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.

Commit message:

Update README to show the link to the deployed site

README.md, after:

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Portfolio Setup and Mobile First <a name="about-project"></a>

**Portfolio Setup and Mobile First** is a project in the first stages of the Microverse full stack curriculum, which aims to enforce students to start working on their development portfolio. It directs students to understand how to parse a Figma design to create a UI and to use flexbox to place elements in a page, all while building a personal portfolio site.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li>HTML</li>
    <li>CSS</li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

- **Flexbox is the technique used to place elements in the page**
- **A figma design is parsed to create the UI**
- **A mobile first approach to design**
- **Uses images and backgrounds to enhance the site's look**
- **CSS grid is also used to place items in the page**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- Live Demo -->

## 🛠 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

- [Check out the live demo from this link](https://kwesiobuobi.github.io/portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first/)


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites
- Git
- HTML & CSS linters

In order to run this project you need:
- Live Server extension in your file editor

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:
```
git clone https://github.com/kwesiObuobi/portfolio-setup-and-mobile-first.git
```

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Samuel Obuobi Lartey**

- GitHub: [@kwesi obuobi](https://github.com/kwesiObuobi)
- Twitter: [@kwesi_obuobi](https://twitter.com/kwesi_obuobi)
- LinkedIn: [kwesi-obuobi](https://www.linkedin.com/in/kwesi-obuobi/)


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project, consider giving it a star.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank Microverse Inc for such an awesome opportunity to join their community and start a journey to become a full stack web developer.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed.
